# Supply Chain and Logistics Management Tool Utilizing Google Cloud Platform
This Python script provides a framework for a commercial supply chain and logistics application utilizing a convenient interface for interacting with a MySQL database hosted on Google Cloud Platform Suite. It includes functions to execute various queries and stored procedures, handling tasks such as listing out-of-stock products, finding total orders by customer, and updating stock quantities.

## Features
- List all products that are out of stock.
- Find the total number of orders placed by each customer.
- Display the most expensive product ordered in each order.
- Retrieve a list of products that have never been ordered.
- Show total revenue generated by each supplier.
- Create new orders and update product stock quantities via stored procedures.

## Requirements
- Python 3
- MySQL Connector/Python
- A MySQL database server

## Installation
1. Clone the repository:
```
git clone https://github.com/tkcpsc/Google-Cloud-Supply-Chain-Management.git
```
2. Install the required package:
```
pip3 install mysql-connector-python
```

## Configuration

1. Create a `config.ini` file with the following structure:

```
[DEFAULT]
host = your host
port = your port
user = your username
password = your password
database = your database name
```
Update the config.ini file with your database credentials.

## Usage
Run the script:
```
python3 main.py
```
Follow the on-screen menu to interact with the database.


## Contact
Thomas Kudey - [Contact@thomaskudey.com](Contact@thomaskudey.com)
